[Dotenv] Reimplementing symfony/flex' dump-env as a Symfony command (#42610)
symfony/symfony: src/Symfony/Bundle/FrameworkBundle/CHANGELOG.md

5.4
---

>  * Added `env:dump` command to compiles the contents of the .env* files into a PHP-optimized file called .env.local.php. Copied from symfony/flex.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 * Add `env:dump` command to compile the contents of the .env* files into a PHP-optimized file called `.env.local.php`. Copied from symfony/flex.
```

Reviewer 2: s/Added/Add also

>  * Add `dotenv:dump` command to compile the contents of the .env* files into a PHP-optimized file called `.env.local.php`. Copied from symfony/flex.

Reviewer 2: s/.env*/.env (remove the `*`)
